Code Template Explanation

Purpose of this document is to provide an overview of 
how to use the code_template.txt file to add documentation 
to a React or Next.js component. 

The following comments refer to this Example file: 
  code_template_completed_example.txt

This file contains a completed code block that 
uses the code_template.
  
Please notice these details:
1. The first line of the component must contain the 
   name of the  component: 
   // Component name: (your component name)
   (See line 1)
   
2. The original code block only contains two comments: 
     // Section 1
     // Section 2 
    on lines 10 and 15.

3. There are very few line comments that can clutter up 
   the code and make it more difficult for a skilled 
   developer to read. 

4. On lines 53 thru 57, please enter these five details: 
     53  File Name      : 
     54  Component Name : 
     55  Component Type : 
     56  Date Created   : 
     57  Dev Initials   :                (person(s) who first coded on this component)

   On line 57, the two developer initials (rjh nrk) tell you that 
   two developers first coded this component.  
 
   (See section 9. below for explanations about how to document a 
    code revision.) 

5. Please answer the following question with an explanation of 
   one or more sentences. 
   Question: "Why was it necessary to create this component?"
   (see line # 59)

   For most of the time, when you are using standard React coding methods, 
   you should provide this answer:  
     "To follow standard good coding guidelines."

   However when something does not work correctly when using standard or 
   normal coding practices, it may be necessary for the developer to take 
   a non-standard approach to get around that problem. 
   When this happens, the answer to this question should be 
   in this format: 
   a. First describe the problem that occurred. 
   b. Then describe what you chose to do to get around that 
      problem. 
   c. Example answer: 
       "The xyz service kept returning a faulty json object with 
       some extra trailing characters so I had to write this  
       component to remove the incorrect characters."

6 Please answer the following question with an explanation of 
   one or two sentences:
   Question: "What does this component do?"
   (see line 63)

7. Section Comments
   (see lines 69 to 77)
   When you need to add some line comments, please add a 
   short comment like:  "// Section 3"  or  "// Section 4" 
   and then in this area, enter the same short comment 
   followed by the actual text of the comment.  
   
   By doing line comments this way, it will prevent 
   cluttering the code with distracting line comments. 

   Notice (on line 10) the "Section 1" line comment appears 
   and further down (on line 69), the same "Section 1" 
   heading appears again and it is followed by the full 
   comment text. 

8. Please answer the following question with either:
     "NO" 
   or with  
     "YES" followed by one or two sentences to explain your answer.

   Question: Did you have to write any unusual code?
   (see line 86)

9. Code Revisions
   Every time you make a revision or update to this component, 
   please do the following:
   a. copy the Component Revision form from the 
      code_rev_template.txt file and paste it after the last 
      documentation entry on the bottom of the component code 
      block.
   b. Enter your comments to document the changes you made.  

(End of Document)